{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Frank Chan\
\
TECH PROPOSAL\
\

\b FRAMEWORK
\b0 \
1. Ruby on Rails - I feel this is used a lot in industry so I would like to learn it. A google search came up with many people praising Ruby on Rails for how it is efficient and does a lot of the heavy lifting when you do things as they expect you to. Also Ruby on Rails is said to be very well documented, which will make it easier to work with in general. PHP is horrible so it would be nice to try this as an alternative.\
\
2. React.JS - All about displaying data and updating it when the data changes, which is what our entire web application is about. Facebook and Instagram, both very data intensive, use it so I think it\'92d be good to look into.\
\
3. Angular.JS - A lot of job descriptions I read say preferred applicants should have experience with\
Angular so it would be nice to work with it for this project.\
\

\b DATABASE\

\b0 1. MySQL - Relational database that is focused on speed, and preferred by a lot of companies. Supposed to be very easy to install and use, and inexpensive, which would be good for the company we are building this for.\
\
2. Microsoft SQL Server 2012 - Relational database, pretty solid\'85\
\

\b VISUALS\

\b0 1. Google Charts - A simple, flexible API for visualizing data with built-in animation and user interaction controls. Probably my preferred choice for visuals. Simple is better!\
\
2. jQuery Visualize - A jQuery plugin, also friendly to screenwriters (although this is really necessary for intended audience.) It is cool because it uses the all powerful HTML Canvas to draw the charts, so I thought it was worth mentioning but I think I\'92d rather go with Google Charts.\
\
3. Skeleton.CSS for the layout/design because I think it is less invasive than Bootstrap.\
\

\b ALERTS\

\b0 1. Plivo - Cheaper than Twilio & smaller company\
\
2. Twilio - Twilio seems cool and I want to try using it.}